undefined
Ninja Scroll Script 
Part 1 


Enjoy the script!








On Bridge
Man: Thanks to your interference Jubei, we lost 300 pieces of gold. I can't go back empty handed.
Jubei: Or perhaps you won't have to go back completely empty handed, bite?
Man: Then it's true, they hired you for only 20 pieces of gold Jubei?
Jubei: Yeah.
Man: But the sword we stole was a precious treasure given by the shogun. And they're paying you only 20 pieces of gold for getting it back for them? Hahahaha, you fool.
Jubei: They're a poor small clan. You can't swindle 300 pieces of gold for a sword, you're asking too much. You're the fool.
Man: Shut Up! Damn You!
Jubei: Looks like a storm is brewing here. I better get moving!

Outside Shimoda Village
Roof Man: Hello There!
Carriage Man: That was one terrible storm.
Roof Man: It sure was. The roof blew off it scared my wife so much she went right into labour. I thought we were in a real fix.
Carriage Man: That's your what, seventh?
Roof Man: No, my ninth.
Carriage Man: You must love your wife a lot......What!?
Roof Man: Isn't that Sakachi's daughter from Shimoda village?
Carriage Man: But what's wrong with her.........Are you sick or something?
Sakachi's Daughter: You're all dead, all dead in Shimoda.
Carriage Man: What do you mean all dead?
Sakachi's Daughter: Epidemic. A great evil force has come.
Roof Man: Don't go near her!

Highway.
Safety Man: Keep Moving. This area is off limits. This highway is closed until the danger of infection is over. We expect an epidemic.
Villager: An epidemic!? Aaaah!
Mochizuki Clan Place.
Chamberlain: What is it now?
Hanza: Sir, I'm sorry to bother you, but I have something unusual that I must report. My men saw a strange group of men running away from Shimoda village last night. I thought it might have something to do with the epidemic. So I came to you, Chamberlain.
Chamberlain: What are you telling me? They spread poison throughout the town as they pass through it or something equally as improbable? Preposterous! Don't even waste my time.
Hanza: Something is up there, I can smell it.
Chamberlain: Let it go.
Hanza: As you wish sir. I just though I'd bring it to your attention.
Chamberlain: On second thought, perhaps we can't. So this is what I want you to do Hanza. Take the Koga ninja to Shimoda village and find out what really happened.
Hanza: Yes.
Chamberlain: Hanza, in case your people are infected by this disease.
Hanza: I understand, Chamberlain.
Hanza: One group will go here, along the Shirakawa River from the north, the other will go over Taro Pass from the west. You'll reach Shimoda village in about an hour, understand?
Ninja Guy: Hikoza says the suspects only numbered eight which seems hardly a match for us.
Hanza: Hmph. Our enemy will be the epidemic.
Ninja Guy: Hardly worth it. Hmph?
Hanza: Kagero, what are you doing here?
Kagero: Hanza, tell me why you have counted me out of this mission.
Hanza: Need I remind you, you have your own mission, don't you Kagero. Don't forget that poison tasting is a very important responsibility.
Kagero: While our lord is away, there is really no need for my expertise. Till he returns I belong with you, a member of your Koga ninja.
Hanza: But it is too dangerous.
Kagero: You might die on this mission. Do you expect me to just sit here and wait? Alone!?

In Forest.
Ninja Guy: Kagero is beautiful, even more beautiful than before, that's why I pity her even more, its her destiny, she must hate it.
Hanza: That's enough! Where's Hikoza and the rest?
Ninja Guy: They were following closely behind us, I'll go look........Hmm. You! What are you doing? What? What's....Aaaah!
Hanza: There!........Aaah!........Damn You!.......Kagero go back and report to the chamberlain...while you still can! Aaaaah!
Tessai the rapist.
Tessai: Shut Up! And perhaps I'll let you live just a little bit longer. Don't let it cross your mind that I wouldn't mind raping a dead girl....Better......Huh? Heh, piss off I'm busy, can't you hear me, beat it.
Jubei: Do me a favour, you see I'm lost and I need to find the quickest way from here to Kikio, I'm really sorry to bother you but the highway was closed........My best hat..
Tessai: I warned you to get out!....Nice try, I'll get rid of this pesky insect and then I'll kill you! Hehehe, what now, you regret not running away? Hehehe.
Jubei: No, as a matter of fact I was wondering about your body. It seems to me that your body can't be as hard as rock all over, now can it?
Tessai: Aaaaaah!
Jubei: This way..............Jump!
Yurimaru: Tessai..You must give it up this time. We have more pressing matters.
Tessai: I'll kill him!
Yurimaru: I forbid it. Don't forget our mission. Consider my word as Lord Gemma's order. Understood? Come along now.

Near Creek with fireflies.
Jubei: Who was he, that devil back there? Never mind, I don't really want to meet him again.
Kagero: I'm grateful to you. I am Kagero of the Koga ninja team.
Jubei: My name's Jubei, Jubei Kibagami. Are you certain you're alright?
Kagero: I am not in danger anymore. Kikio is west of here. I must go now.
Kagero reporting to the Chamberlain
Kagero: Sir.
Chamberlain: What is it now?
Kagero: Koga team member Kagero. There's trouble.
Chamberlain: What's happened?
Kagero: The twenty ninja led by Hanza tried to infiltrate Shimoda village a while ago but they were completely annihilated sir.
Chamberlain: Is this true? All of them? Who killed them?
Kagero: Someone very strong and skilful. That is all I can say.
Chamberlain: It proved useless after all then. So you are the only survivor?
Kagero: Yes.
Chamberlain: We can't send our men to the village without knowing who this killer is and what he is up to. Go back and find out that's the first thing to do, then get back to me immediately with your report. Based on what you find, we'll decide on what we'll do later. Now go!

Tessai: Back for revenge?
Jubei: No. I know the way now, so leave me alone all right!
Tessai: Not quite the right direction. The way to hell is, right here!
Jubei: It hurts it makes us even doesn't it? Lets just call it quits!
Tessai: Not until you have paid your debts.
Jubei: That's not very smart. First of all don't you think if we keep this up it's almost certain one of us is gonna die?
Tessai: One of us, yes.
Jubei: There's no reason we should kill each other.....That's the only sensible answer isn't it?!
Tessai: Answer this!..................A very skilful attack, but you must realise I can't be touched.
Jubei: So it seems...
Tessai: Hahahahaha....
Jubei: Hey, what's the matter monster? Your skin appears to be falling apart.
Dakuan: Hehehehehehe. Splendid! Your sword flew as fast as the wind and killed your enemy instantly. It was marvellous. He was no match for you. Why don't you join me then. Your skills would be a great help to me in fighting all of the others of the likes of him. 
Jubei: You cant be serious. Who'd wanna fight monsters like him again.
Dakuan: You act as if you had a choice my fine young friend. Know that they won't leave you alone, you have already killed one of the eight Devils of Kimon. Of course you didn't beat him at all by yourself as you imagined. The Koga team's woman ninja, she uses a very interesting technique.
Yurimaru rejects Sakuro.
Yurimaru: Lord Gemma, everything is according to schedule. It will come from the Shogun of the Dark by 6 o'clock tomorrow evening.
Gemma: Very well. Write to him in return that we will be back in 3 days and assure him that there is nothing to worry about.
Yurimaru: Immediately.....Isn't Tessai back yet Sakuro?
Sakuro: Benisato went to look for him. We're alone, completely alone Yurimaru. I've fallen madly in love with you. But you know that don't you?sakuro
Yurimaru: I don't need your love. You don't interest me even in the slightest. Now go and stand watch.
Sakuro: So what I've heard is true. Hmph. Have many pleasant dreams in Gemma's arms. But Gemma makes love to both men and women. Oh, by the way, do you know he regularly has Benisato. Oh, so you didn't. Hahahahahahaha.
Jubei bathing in Lake.
Jubei: Huh?
Benisato: What's your destination, stranger?
Jubei: No place in particular. Just moving.
Benisato: I'm looking for someone, and you look exactly like him. So I...
Jubei: All strangers look alike. I'm a vagabond named Jubei Kibagami.
Benisato: It was exactly your face. Tessai copied your visage in his palm. His death is your fault.....DIE!
Jubei: Weave your spells on someone else......Huh?
Dakuan: That's her cast off skin. She set it like a snake and got away. Well, well, what a bunch of strange creatures they are. You owe me no thanks. I didn't want you to die now, that's all.
Jubei: So tell me, who are these eight Devils of Kimon?
Dakuan: They are a group of ninja who work for the so called Shogun of the Dark. He plans to rebuild the house of Toyotomi, the ex-rulers of Japan. He may yet see this ambition realised. His is the greatest threat to the Tokugawa shogunate government. His power is supported by the eight Devils of Kimon.
Jubei: What are they up to in this fight for Mochizuki?
Dakuan: That's what I came here to find out. Why don't you work for me for a hundred pieces of gold. Well my friend, what do you think of that proposal?
Jubei: A Tokugawa government spy wants to hire me?
Dakuan: Hehe. I'm afraid I have no choice. You see necessity often makes for some strange bed fellows. Unfortunately, the eight devils attacked my team. Only I survived to make it to Mochizuki. You can't escape them either. You'll have to fight them sooner or later. And you'll die on your own. Join me, it's a nice offer isn't it?
Jubei: I'll pass old man. And you had better stop following me.
Dakuan: So I see that's too bad. A pity for both of us. I mean such a young man throwing away his life like this.
Jubei: Yeah, yeah.
Dakuan: I mean it. Listen to me for this is very important. This weapon, a special poison was put onto the points of it. It won't kill you instantly, but it will surely in a day and once it has begun nothing can stop it. Unless you apply an antidote, I know of a method to do this. If you work for me, I will give you the antidote with the hundred pieces of gold when the job is completed.
Jubei: A compelling bluff old man.
Dakuan: This is no bluff.
Jubei: Then you will give me the antidote immediately.
Dakuan: Not 'til you work for me, if you kill me now, you will surely die as well.
Jubei: Now you need the antidote as well old man.
Dakuan: Oh boy. You're such a fool. That isn't the same dart that stabbed you. I threw that careless thing away.
Jubei: Demon!
Dakuan: Jubei Kibagami. You have lost this time. Well live and learn. My name is Dakuan. Let's be friends.
Benisato being told off by Yurimaru.
Yurimaru: Benisato, you mean the man Jubei Kibagami is the remnant of the government spies?
Benisato: Possibly.
Yurimaru: Why didn't you kill him?
Benisato: Someone interfered.
Yurimaru: No excuses accepted. If he is a government spy, he'll show up soon enough. Be sure to kill him next time.
Benisato: I don't need your advice on that. If you don't mind, I'll tell Gemma in bed later on, Yurimaru. Do you mind?
Yurimaru: Sleep Well.
Jubei and Dakuan on boat.
Dakuan: Jubei, there's something that I've been thinking about. Are you by any chance the ninja who killed the Chief Retainers of the Yamashiro clan five years ago? He was a master swordsman, like you, and very strong. The retainers who were killed had fed their greed for years with the gold they secretly dug out of the hidden mine. The ninja must have killed them by order of the lord who wanted to report to the government about the mine, because if the government found the mine first the lord would be in danger of losing his fight, but does that ninja have any knowledge that the government had no report of the mine after the retainers were murdered?
Jubei: Why tell me? First of all, if you are a government spy why don't you do something about it instead of keeping me awake?
Dakuan: Well, even the government can't make any move without definite evidence. Us spies tried to sneak into the clan many times, to find proof, but none returned alive. The Shogun of the Dark stopped them all by using this group from Kimon. 
Jubei: Why in the world would the Shogun of the Dark help the Yamashiro clan?
Dakuan: Easy answer. He wishes to capitalize on the gold mine. Do you know how the Shogun of the Dark found the gold mine before the government? Because of someone who gave him that information. Somebody who was the leader of the Yamashiro ninja team.
Jubei: Himuro Gemma!
Dakuan: Oh, him yes!
Jubei: That can't be the truth. He's already rotting in hell.
Dakuan: Not quite yet boy, he is still alive, and you will meet him soon for he is the head of the Kimon.
Jubei: That's nuts!
Dakuan: Shh. Please behave yourself!
Jubei: I don't believe a word of it.
Dakuan: You'll see. You will soon find out for yourself my good friend. It's a strange fate for you. You and the leader of that ninja group.
Flashback.
Jubei: Don't do it! Stop! We're friends! Why kill each other?!
Shinkuro: It's the lord's order! Our leader commands it!
Jubei: Don't you understand? It's a trick. Now that we know the secret of the Chief retainers, he wants us to kill each other! He's pulled a trick on us! Shinkuro, believe me!
Shinkuro: Please Jubei, forgive me.
Jubei: Shinkuro!
Shinkuro: His word is...the law!
Jubei: Shinkuro and the others were avenged. I did it myself. How could Gemma be alive?

Dakuan: We're arriving. There's a weird bloody air hovering around here, as no hell lies beyond.
In Misty Place.
Dakuan: Heaven must have sent this mist to help us......Ooooo! Aaaaah!
Jubei: Hey! Where'd he go to?
Dakuan: Stinking godforsaken mist!
Shijima: Huh? How on earth could he have dodged Shijima's Claw?
Jubei: Huh?
Lady: Who's there?
Jubei: I was passing by and heard a voice chanting the sutra.
Lady: I was praying for all the villagers who have died. Don't you know there is a plague in this village. Poor soul. Now you can no longer leave this village alive. Now come to the land of Buddha with me.
Jubei: Hey! Haven't you seen a travelling monk here?
Lady: He'll go to Buddha's land very soon, with all of us, I'll send him there.
Jubei: What a benevolent soul.....Shit! A cast-off skin!

Shijima: Interesting, he vanished. A strange technique.
Dakuan: Yours is interesting as well my friend.

Benisato: Answer my question. Are there more than just you and the travelling monk?
Jubei: Of course. There's a whole army, even if you sent one of these snakes for each one you wouldn't have enough. You'll see.
Benisato: What lies!
Jubei: OK. I'll tell you the truth. Well there's the monk and myself and one other....she's right behind you.
Kagero: Get rid of the snakes, get rid of them all!
Benisato: Her sting is most deadly.
Kagero: Get rid of them!.....And now it is your turn to answer this, what are you doing in this village? Well speak!
Benisato: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!

Yurimaru: Two failures in one day are unforgivable. I wound another line around your neck this time, but unfortunately you did not notice for you were a fool. Incompetent.

Jubei: Stupid! I was going to suck the poison out!
Kagero: Venom doesn't work on me. I'm immune to poisons.
Jubei: Huh?
Kagero: I think I've cleared my debt.
Jubei: Yes, you saved me. Kagero is your name right? What are you going to do?
Kagero: It doesn't concern you.
Jubei: If it doesn't then why was I brought here?!
Kagero: I must discover what their plan is.
Jubei: All by yourself? Impossible! They're too strong! Forget it!
Kagero: Don't meddle in my business. There's no reason I should take orders from a vagabond like you.wait!
Dakuan: Wait a minute, ninja woman of Koga. My name is Dakuan. Why don't you join us? That man you have already met is my very trustworthy assistant. 
Jubei: I have no plans to help a government spy.
Dakuan: Stop complaining. What do you say? Will you help us? The three of us have a common enemy though our aims are different. Three are mightier than one, after all. And I have some information that you don't, information such as who gives him orders and where he can be found. This I'll share with you along the way. 
Kagero: I need no one...But, I think I might need your information.
Dakuan: Very Good.....Oh yes, what an attractive and skilful young woman.
Jubei: So what's on your twisted mind this time old man?
Dakuan: Well, this ninja girl is very useful. You see she has the technique of poisoning the man she sleeps with, in fact, the man you thought you killed, was poisoned by her. Anyone who makes love to her dies, so you see, she's perfect in this amoral world.
Devils in the trees.indulge me then
Mushizo: Your skill is as marvellous as ever.
Yurimaru: Oh. Anyone who killed Tessai must not be underestimated. It's possible he got away. The four of you, check down there.
Mushizo: You're being overly cautious.
Yurimaru: Better to air on the side of caution. We have an important mission.
Mushizo: I know, I know. Don't worry.
Yurimaru: Indulge me then.
Sakuro: Yurimaru, it seems that Benisato has been killed. Good for you.
Mushizo: Only dead fish.
Shijima: Good, otherwise we lose this chance.
Utsutsu Mujuro: It's quite interesting. Hehehehehehe.



To Part 2 







Please sign my guest book!
E-Mail me here

undefined
Ninja Scroll Script 
Part 2 


And now for the second half!








Battle against Mushizo.
Dakuan: They poisoned the wells and killed the villagers, and then said it was an infectious disease. This was their method of keeping the curious away. They're planning something. Something very extraordinary.
Jubei: I'm interested in finding out what it is they're planning.
Dakuan: That's admirable, but don't get yourself in too deep or you'll surely wind up dead. Huh? Aaah!
Mushizo: I see, act is a guide for the rest.

Dakuan: Save yourselves!

Kagero: We can't escape them.
Jubei: Kagero...
Mushizo: The pollen is mixed with some sort of anaesthetic. But how long can it hold them?
Jubei: Damn You!
Dakuan: Ninja girl! Try to keep them occupied 'til Jubei kills them. Try hard!

Jubei: Get rid of the wasps, do you hear me!?
Mushizo: I'm afraid you must defeat me first. Hahahahaha. Do you think I escaped into this water mill?
Jubei: No I don't, but I have many questions to ask of you demon, but I will ask only one. Is Himuro Gemma still alive?
Mushizo: Why ask?
Jubei: Because I sent Gemma to hell once already!
Mushizo: Oh is that so? Then I must be careful, unlike Gemma I don't have the ability to reincarnate myself.
Jubei: Reincarnation?
Mushizo: Hehehehe. So you have harmed the wasps home.

Mushizo: Hehehehehe. When you surface for air you'll die. Huh? This one is mine, keep your hands off of him.
Sakuro: You're wasting time, there's three of them.
Mushizo: My little friends and I are getting quite impatient....How far can he possibly swim, he'll have to give up soon.
Sakuro: The ninja has fallen victim to the throat needle.
Utsutsu Mujuro: The wasps in the hive are trying to escape the water. How they desperately sting his body. Mushizo has lost.

Dakuan: Phew, he certainly took his time, but he did at last kill him.

Jubei: Reincarnation? He meant Gemma. Himuro Gemma has come back to life?! That's absurd!
Dakuan leaves for a while.
Dakuan: Reincarnation? I've heard of the technique. One needs to control every tiny piece of flesh and bone. Even if one's limbs or even head are cut off they can be put back together again. Reincarnation, regeneration, these are the techniques of immortality that can never be achieved by a human being. It's terrible, but it seems Gemma can, well anyway, it means that the Kimon monsters will be after the both of you, and that I can move more easily now. If you have luck we will meet again.
Jubei: Right.
Kagero: Tell me, why did you join him Jubei? 
Jubei: He hired me, for a hundred pieces of gold.
Kagero: Will you do anything for money? A ninja for hire?
Jubei: That's right. But it seems that he's beaten me this time. You see he trapped me. Looks like I'm going to die of this poison in about half a day.....He also promised me an antidote besides the gold pieces. That's why I work for him. I can't back out now. You better go away while I divert their attention.
Kagero: I couldn't do that. I would end up owing you another debt.
Jubei: I can't sell your debt, OK?
Kagero: Look, I told you, I don't take orders from you, and I'm ready to die at any given moment.
Jubei: You don't have to convince me you're tough.
Kagero: No?
Jubei: Oh, damn it, it's this hot and damp air. I wish a storm would come so a shower would cool your head.
Kagero: You're in no position to worry about me.
Jubei: I remember, it was a terrible storm the night they came here.

Jubei: Tell me where I can get a better view of the land around here.

Jubei: Hey, what about over there?!
Kagero: Nothing here.it's hanza
Jubei: Keep looking.
Kagero: It's Hanza! 
Jubei: No, wait!
Kagero: Hanza, stop! There's a cliff just ahead! No wait!
Jubei: Shit!......Huh?
Sakuro: I have them!
Jubei: Look Out!

Dakuan: Fools! They got you so soon. There's still a lot to do.

Sakuro: Its flesh is blown to scraps and grilled well done! Such a succulent smell, of success! Hahahahaha!

Jubei: Keep still Kagero.
Kagero: That's enough. Let me go. It was my fault for falling into their trap.
Jubei: Shut up! Stop talking.
Kagero: I don't want your help, come on, let me go!
Jubei: Grab the line!.....How long you gonna stick with me?
Utsutsu Mujuro: I am Utsutsu Mujuro. I have longed to challenge you.
Jubei: I'll take that challenge. This one's mine.
Utsutsu Mujuro: You lured me in here because I am blind. Is that your plan?
Jubei: Huh?
Utsutsu Mujuro: If you want to kill me you mustn't make any sound at all.
Jubei: The only sound you'll hear is the sound of your own voice, screaming..........Get back! I told you this one is mine!
Utsutsu Mujuro: Your sight is a weakness!
Jubei: Get out!
Utsutsu Mujuro: It can't be.......
Jubei: Haven't you had enough yet? What are you thinking?
Kagero: Why have you become so desperate to die?
Jubei: It's not me who's so desperate to throw my life away to return a favour! You're acting as if you're life is worthless or something! Because of your body? Is it true then that you kill whichever man sleeps with you, by poisoning him?
Kagero: You'll know if you sleep with me............No, you fool! Poison has seeped into every part of my being. It's become so strong that even the touch of my lips could kill you instantly. No-one can ever touch me. If you dare to, you're dead.
Jubei: Is your heart filled with poison as well?
Kagero: How dare you!?
Jubei: I hate those who think so little of their own worth.
Kagero: What do you know of it? You will never know.
Kagero faints.
Jubei: They wanted the cargo of this ship that was wrecked in the storm two days ago. That's their game. This is why they slaughtered the villagers, all for the cargo............Where does this road lead?
Chamberlain being tight.
Ninja Guy: Chamberlain! Sir, I just heard. Is it true that the Koga ninja team that went to Shimoda village to investigate was entirely annihilated?
Chamberlain: Yes, that's right! 
Ninja Guy: What happened sir? This could mean a serious problem! I'll take my men there, I'll take my men there immediately! And begin a sweep of the.....
Chamberlain: No! If this threat is serious enough to possibly jeopardize the safety of our clan, then I say we should proceed very carefully indeed. For that is how small clans like ours survive.
Ninja Guy: Yes, but...
Chamberlain: No! A ninja woman who survived is continuing the investigation. You will wait here for her report.
Kagero resting.
Jubei: You're exhausted from so much tension all the time, you'd better get some more rest.
Kagero: The trail of those carts leads straight to Kishima Harbour. They're taking the cargo by boat. They can't or the dead villagers and the Koga ninja won't rest in peace. I'll co-operate with you until this mission is over, but if you treat me poorly again, believe me I won't hesitate to kill you!
Ninja Leader addresses followers.
Ninja Leader: I address all of you who have been working for the Shogun of the Dark. This mission is very important, it can make us masters of our fate or seal it. The ship will reach the Mochizuki domain in a few hours. We must regain the cargo by all means, understand? We must not fail!
Surrounded by Shijima.
Jubei: The townspeople feared the epidemic and ran away. It took only one dead horse to scare them.
Dakuan: So, you're safe and sound, I've been worried. 
Jubei: I suppose it's good to see you too.
Dakuan: Yes, they're waiting for a boat to transport their cargo. 
Jubei: No chance you saw the cargo?
Dakuan: No, I couldn't reach it but I think I can guess. Actually I guessed before I came here to Mochizuki.
Jubei: So what is it?
Dakuan: You must understand, it is something relative to your past, you know.
Jubei: Huh?
Dakuan: Gold is that cargo, gold produced from the Yamashiro Clan's very own secret mine.....That ship which drifted ashore in the storm was probably headed for the Shogun of the Dark, with casks of gold yielded from the secret mine and stored for five years. If that gold reaches the hands of the Shogun of the Dark, he'll be powerful enough to topple the Tokugawa government. And the country will plunge into another civil war, so we must stop it.
Jubei: Huh?.......Dakuan, someone's followed you.
Dakuan: What?!.....Woman what are you doing?
Kagero: I'm calling a ninja bird of the Koga team in this village. 
Dakuan: Calling a bird, what for?
Kagero: It will carry my message to the Chamberlain. I've discovered what it is they're after. In two hours time his entire army will surround the village.
Dakuan: Not so easily I presume. The Mochizuki Clan will possibly pretend ignorance.
Kagero: Why old man?
Dakuan: The future of the clan is at stake. This is a fight for power between the Tokugawa government and the Shogun of the Dark. If a small clan like Mochizuki gets involved, it will be smashed. See nothing, hear nothing. That is the best option for the clan.
Kagero: We'll soon see if the Mochizuki clan will make a move.
Dakuan: What are you planning to do?
Kagero: The man you hired will die of poison soon unless you give him an antidote. You must tell me how to save him.
Dakuan: Why ninja girl, you amaze me. Do you mean to tell me that...you're in love with him?
Kagero: Old fool, he saved my life and I'm simply......returning the favour!
Dakuan: Hehe, I don't think so. Imagine a ninja woman who believes she's falling in love....If you kill me, then he will die as well.
Kagero: Hmmm. Yes that's true, but your mission won't be accomplished either.
Jubei: Damn It!

Dakuan: Don't be upset. I've been sensible. That is the only antidote that will work for him. If you truly want to save his life, then you must do it. That's the only way you will save him.

Dakuan: It happened while I was away for a moment......She's probably not alive anyway.....Now let's get to work, there's not a moment to waste. We can't count on the Mochizuki clan......Don't fall into their trap.....No! Stop! What if the ship comes while you're trying to save her? Let her alone! She's just a ninja woman lost, who cares!
Jubei: A trifle before a great mission. You're just as terrible as they are.
Dakuan: Damn fool! When you fight the devil, be a devil yourself! For you can't win! You stupid boy! You're better off dead, idiot, do you hear me! Ah!
Shijima's Ruins.
Jubei: Are you okay?......Kagero!
Shijima: You hunted the woman to kill ninja. Woman, relieve him of his pain.........Ninja...... 
Wire Talk 2.
Gemma: Yurimaru, report.
Yurimaru: Lord Gemma, all three have been killed.
Gemma: Incompetent. All three are still alive!
Yurimaru: I will kill them myself.
Gemma: You will stay where you are. Lure them there, then kill them. Understand?
Yurimaru: Yes.
Gemma: Hehehehehe. I never expected to see you again....Not this soon, Jubei!
Kagero takes her clothes off.
Jubei: Uh! Gemma! Oh!
Kagero: I'm sorry.
Jubei: Forget about it. Haven't the retainers of the castle taken some action yet?
Kagero: They've had two hours.
Jubei: Hmm. I see.
Kagero: You knew it was a trap, and yet you still came to rescue me. Why did you do that? Why risk your life to save me?
Jubei: Because we're comrades.
Kagero: Comrades?
Jubei: Why not? We've helped each other out many times since we met yesterday. You're my comrade..........Stay here. The Mochizuki clan has already backed out of this. You mission here is completed.
Kagero: I'm not done yet. I still have a debt that I owe to you.
Jubei: You can pay it back later.
Kagero: Not if you're dead ninja Jubei! I'll take care of this right now!
Jubei: What are you doing?
Kagero: The old man told me how to do it. Counteract the poison. Kill poison with poison he said. He said, if you make love to me, you'll be free from poison. Mine will destroy it...So you must take me now...................................What are you doing!? You'll die unless you take me! Why Not?! Wait, Jubei!
Ninjas steal gold.jubei
Yurimaru: We've been waiting. Load the ship immediately!
Dakuan: Ah! It's only you. I told you didn't I, there are far too many of them for us to defeat on our own.
Jubei: I won't let them get away with the gold. We'll take whatever the risk. 
Dakuan: What are your plans then?
Jubei: When they have finished loading the caskets on the ship, I want you to go into the tower and ring the bell. While their attention is being diverted, I'll sneak onto the ship. When the ship is out on the ocean I'll sink it myself, even without the aid of the storm.
Dakuan: Very well. By the way Jubei, did you make love to the ninja girl?
Jubei: That is none of your concern! Now, beat it! Get outta here!
Jubei: Gemma, where are you hiding. When I die, I'll take you to hell with me.
Kagero: Huh?
Dakuan: Huh?
Jubei: Huh?
Kagero: Huh?
Dakuan: The Mochizuki Clan made a move after all.

Chamberlain/Gemma: You, ninja girl, you've done well.
Kagero: You must hurry or they'll get away! Are there any other members?
Chamberlain/Gemma: Don't be worried, we've already surrounded this area.
Kagero: Then please, you must go quickly!...........Aaaaaaaaaah! Jubei!
Jubei: Kagero!
Dakuan: No stop! Don't do it, it's a trap!
Gemma: You idiots! Sakaki Hiyobu died two days ago.......I killed him myself.
Jubei: GEMMA!!!!!!!!!
Yurimaru: Lord Gemma, you must get onboard the ship quickly. The Shogun of the Dark retainers are waiting for you, before they get under way. Please leave this Jubei to me. I will take care of killing him myself. This is my ardent wish. Please let me kill him.
Gemma: Take my lead. Go now.
Yurimaru: Go away! You're a failure. Don't hang around me anymore. You disgust me.

Ninja Leader: So you're Gemma. It's been kept secret from the Mochizuki clan, hasn't it?
Gemma: Yes, everything's alright.
Ninja Leader: You did a beautiful job, I admire the Devils of Kimon. The Shogun of the Dark must be pleased.

Yurimaru: Do you feel the agony, Jubei?............Aaaaah!

Sakuro: It looks as if Yurimaru carelessly stepped into my trap! An unfortunate accident, but his own fault. Now he's the queen of the devil!
Gemma: Cast off!
Love Scene.
Jubei: Kagero!.........Don't die, Kagero!
Kagero: Jubei.
Jubei: I told you to stay there.
Kagero: I owed you a favour. Remember Jubei? It was the first time...anyone ever treated me as a woman and not...not as a ninja warrior, who was completely expendable. I knew I would become more attracted to you if we stayed together, but I needed that from you. Please forgive me, I'm sorry. You were the only person who didn't care about my poison soul...whether for an antidote, or just from compassion. I wish we could have made love just, just once. I was not honest. I was weak. I needed you.
Jubei: No! It's not over yet.
Kagero: Oh, Jubei, I'm so glad I met you and I'm, I'm happy...I.....
love

On burning ship.
Ninja Leader: Gemma, this gold will soon help us make our dream come true.
Gemma: What dream?
Ninja Leader: Our great dream. We'll topple the Tokugawa government and restore the reign of the House of Toyotomi. You wouldn't understand how we ex-Toyotomi retainers have suffered. This time the Tokugawa will suffer those agonies. With the gold, we intend to buy the most advanced weapons from Spain and use them against him. That is the true dream of all who work for the Shogun of the Dark.
Gemma: Nonsense.
Ninja Leader: Wha...What did you say!?
Gemma: I said it's nonsense.
Ninja Leader: Watch your tongue! You're a mere ninja!
Gemma: My dream is different. The gold won't go to the Shogun of the Dark.
Ninja Leader: What!
Gemma: The Devils of Kimon will take the gold.
Ninja Leader: Damn you!
Gemma: I'll use the gold to organise the most powerful army of ninja ever. And we will rule the country with terror and power from the shadows. Anyone who disobeys me, Tokugawa or Toyotomi, even the Shogun of the Dark, shall die! That means that the real Shogun of the Dark, is me! Hehehehehehe..
Dakuan: Well....I'm glad you came along, you're just who I wanted to see.
Sakuro: I'm glad to hear that.
Dakuan: Of course. Without your help I couldn't sink such a tremendous ship. Like this!
Sakuro: Ruin you plans?
Jubei: Not at all!

Ninja: Gemma, my master.
Gemma: Tell my men, that they must abandon ship and disappear. I will call for them again someday. Now go!
Ninja: Sir.

Jubei: Gemma! Did you miss the flames of hell? Is that why you came here? 
Gemma: So it's you Jubei. I should have finished you off myself when I had the opportunity.
Jubei: I thought rats usually leave a sinking ship.
Gemma: Heh! I suppose you want to avenge that ninja girl, Kagero. She's nothing compared to what I'm going to lose with this ship.
Jubei: Prepare to lose your life as well.
Gemma: I won't let you die before I torture you enough to pay me back. To pay me back for my destroyed dream!
Jubei: Your dream...of becoming the only true Shogun of the Dark? That's a laugh. If you became a Shogun, there'd be nothing but devils in this world. If you so want the company of devils, you better hurry back to hell, Gemma!

Jubei: I'll kill you yet!
Gemma: No one can kill me....This you of all men should know by now....I have become as immortal as a true demon....
Jubei: Is that so?..........I swear if you......come back to life again, then I'll.......kill you again, no matter how many times!
Gemma: I can't die!
Jubei: Gemma! Burn in your golden hell!
burning ship

On wrecked ship.
Dakuan: Jubei, you seem to have gotten rid of the poison, thanks to Kagero, at any rate. The combination of talented ninja poison taster and a lone wolf worked well, don't you think? Much better than I expected.
Jubei: Go away.
Dakuan: By the way I'm very sorry about having lost Kagero. It's unfortunate, but she did have a few moments of living as an ordinary girl and of course making love with you, which is good after all.
Jubei: Was that in your plot as well, old man?
Dakuan: Exactly. To read people's minds and control them is the secret of the ninja strategy. However, only true sincerity can hope to move the human heart. A pompous ninja like me can't expect to do it. You are great and I admire you, and as I have promised you, I'll reward you with one hundred pieces of gold when we get to Ado, if you're still alive......Aaaaaah!
Jubei: That will be your payment old man. Make sure I never see you again.
Dakuan: Haha. So you beat me. I thought I would shut your mouth in Ado, but on second thought, you probably wouldn't live that long as you so love risking your life. Everything ends exactly as I have written it. Hahahahahahaha.
The End.



Back to Ninja Scroll 







Please sign my guest book!
E-Mail me here